ESOFasterTravel v2.0.3
By XanDDemoX

FasterTravel adds two new tabs to the default world map information/navigation control and suggests approximately the closest known wayshrines to your current quest objectives.

New Favourite Wayshrines Category!

Now supports Cyrodiil campaigns and Transitus Wayshrines including queuing, entering, travelling and tooltip display!

Wayshrines
Displays the closest known wayshrine to your quests by marking them with the quest's icon from the map (when it is possible to obtain the data ).
Displays quest objective tooltips when the mouse is over quest icons.
Fast travel to or recall a recently used wayshrine
Fast travel to or recall a wayshrine in the current zone
Fast travel to or recall a wayshrine in another zone
All fast travels and recalls use the appropriate standard confirmation dialog.

Players
Teleport to players in your group
Teleport to players on your friends list
Teleport to zones using players on your friends list, in your group or guild
Teleport to players in your any of your guilds

Usage

Use a wayshrine or open the world map.

Right Click in Wayshrines Menu to Add or Remove Favourites.

Slash Commands
/goto zoneName - attempts to teleport to a zone via a player. (zoneName can be partial)
/goto @PlayerName - attempts to teleport to a player.
/goto CharacterName - attempts to teleport a player using their character name. (only works in a group)
/goto group - attempts to teleport to the group leader or a player in your group (if you are the group leader)
/goto UnitTag - attempts to teleport to a player using their unit tag (group1 ,group2 group3 etc)


Recent Change Log

Version 2.0.4
	
	- Fixed teleport during interaction fall through map bug. 
	
Version 2.0.3
	
	- Added favourites category and right click menu.
	- Added partial Zone Name matching for /goto command

Version 2.0.2

	-  Added Craglorn Trial wayshrine support.
	-  Added teleport error detection and attempt next player upon failure when teleporting by zone name.

Version 2.0.1

	- Fixed intermittent display of incorrect focussed quest icon
	- Removed prefix from Cyrodiil queue status displays. 
	- Fixed potential error message when clearing icons on world map open.
	- Fixed AD faction order table in LocationData.

	
DISCLAIMER
THIS ADDON IS NOT CREATED BY, ENDORSED, MAINTAINED OR SUPPORTED BY ZENIMAX OR ANY OF ITS AFFLIATES.